But overall, yes. [music] Um, you know,
you know, for a few reasons. Fiscal
policy is going to be supportive and as
I mentioned, AI spending will continue.
The consumer continues to spend. So, it
looks like uh the baseline would be
solid growth next year.
>> That was Jay Pal there giving his
outlook for the US economy after the Fed
delivered its third consecutive rate
cut. You're watching the China show. I'm
Annabelle Drooers with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in mainland [music]
China and here in Hong Kong. Let's get
to your top stories today. As you can
see, markets are doing well. The rate
cut of course in Powell's [music]
economic optimism lifting sentiment
across these markets. Equities gaining
after US stocks posting their biggest
jump on a Fed decision day since March.
>> The dollar meanwhile [music] suffering
its worst day in nearly 3 months. That's
as the Fed share highlights labor market
risks while downplaying inflation
concerns. Also ahead, we're looking at
Oracle and the effect it's having on
cross [music] markets here. Uh the stock
plunging in after hours trade after the
company reporting a jump in spending on
AI data centers while [music] cloud
sales disappoint.
>> And China's shares and bonds in focus
after rallying on signs of progress in
its debt talks.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to the program.
[music] Risk appetite is not wanting as
you can see on your screen s of 1%. We
should be getting a further boost in
[music] the next few minutes with Taiwan
coming online. Uh it's also a weak US
dollar story as highlighted there by the
Bloomberg Asia dollar index. We're
better by about a tenth of 1% stronger
in that. We're looking at a fix
obviously going into the session today.
Gold is seeing some gains. Silver not on
your screens. Just take my word for it.
Also seeing a fresh record today. Right.
A glance at the yield curve following
the rally that we had there. Twos and
tents. Twos and ts on the spread. Twos
and 30s also on the spread. Slightly
flatter today. Although at about 60
basis points that should be putting us
very near multi-year highs on the twos
and also the 10 more on the what what it
means actually in terms of the bond
buying uh bill buying rather u as far as
that's concerned 40 billion a month does
it well ensure liquidity does it keep
the the very very short end anchored we
mentioned Taiwan TSMC is coming online
you have of course the the soft the
oracle effect and that's playing out
across some not all and we'll get into
the weeds of this in a moment bit there.
Uh and of course the approach of the
open today, it's looking like we will be
getting a a rally uh set to join what
we're seeing across the region. We
bounced off to the upside the 200 day
moving average on the Hangs in China
index. Interesting. We'll be looking at
southbound flows today following net
selling which was or is a rarity this
year. We had that yesterday so we'll see
whether that bounces back today. Uh a
lot of trading debuts to watch. You have
Jindong Industrials plus of course you
have a couple of ETFs including if K web
sounds familiar that is now available
here in Hong Kong not not as if that
wasn't available to you guys in Hong
Kong but yep we'll get into that in a
moment 70589 wow okay we've taken out
the 706 handle there on dollar China
bill
>> and I think as you're saying really the
stories around the Fed today and I yes
we were expecting that that cut very
much but it's really that question of
the denters not just the ones that were
actually on the voting committee but the
other people that were also
voicing their their discontent through
through other channels. But let's get
the latest on this. Take a listen.
>> It's a close call. we have to make
decisions and uh we you know we always
hope that the data will will give us a
clear read but in this situation you you
have you have competing as if you looked
at if you look through the SCP you'll
see that a very large number of
participants agree that risks are to the
upside for unemployment and to the
upside for inflation. So what do you do?
You've got one tool. You can't do two
things at once.
And if you look at the well the outlook
so the central bank's outlook itself
just one rate cuts going into 20 well
one rate cut specifically in 2026 uh and
a current our federal reserve and
economy reporter joining us right now
out of Washington.
So and how do we how do we need to be
looking at to the point Bill was making
the disscent formal or otherwise the
discrepancy in what the dots Fed fund
futures economists are saying in terms
of the outlook for next year. How mixed
is is the picture currently?
>> It's pretty mixed, David. You can see
how much division there is on the on the
whole committee. Now, as you mentioned,
we three descents today. That's the most
since 2019. And then, of course, you
look at the projections, the dot plots
for where people think interest rates
might be over the next year and and the
year after that. Clearly, again, very
divided views and where policy is headed
there. And of course, you know, you
heard Chair Powell make the point there
in those remarks how how close of a call
this was. A lot of Fed watchers are
talking about these so-called silent
descents. That's people who even though
they probably were um concerned about
inflation, not necessarily super hot
about the idea of cutting rates again,
went along with it on this occasion at
least. We didn't get very firm signals
about where we go from here, but
certainly a lot of people are seizing on
the fact that Cher Pal mentioned they're
they're somewhat closer to neutral
territory, maybe in the high end of
neutral territory, and that's prompting
some people to think that maybe the Fed
are going to be on on hold in at least
early next year.
>> How do you think then it complicates the
story for for the Fed, the next Fed uh
chair? Because Jay Power of course ends
his term next year. You've got President
Trump possibly kicking off formal
interviews this week. When you've got
that level of of dissent, it's going to
be quite challenging, it seems, for
someone to bring people into line and to
get that quorum of opinions.
>> It's getting very complicated. The
economy, the policy policy story itself
is confusing because we haven't had data
for so many months now, Annabelle. As
you know, well, we're going to get a
flood of data over the coming weeks and
months, which might help clear up the
picture. But Fred Sherpal himself today
made the point that even that data will
take a while to iron out and to become
to give a clean reading where things are
at. And then overlapping that confusing
economic story as you mentioned, we now
have this uh political backdrop in terms
of palace intrigue. Who might be
appointed as Fed chair? What might that
Fed chair be pressured to do by the
president in the White House? How might
that Fed chair steer consensus or steer
the debate on the committee? Will he be
able to pull enough votes together to to
either lower rates presumably at least
early in the term? But I think a lot of
this Amory will be settled by the
economy. Remember right here right now
the Fed are saying they're cutting
because the labor market is weak. If in
a few months from now they they turn out
to be indicated inflation continues to
head back towards the target and the
labor market is indeed weak, then it
looks like a good call and it certainly
would set up make it easier for the next
Fed chair to come in and carry on saying
we've scoped the cut here. The real
complication, the real tension will
become if in four or five months from
now, the labor market is weak or
weakening, but inflation is still not
just above target, but well above target
and threatening to go in the wrong
direction. I think that's where you'll
really start to see the rubber meet the
road in this Fed debate.
Well, speaking of fueling that Fed
debate, just to borrow your uh the
concept there of lower rates, the folks
at Bloomberg Economics and uh have not
just one, not just two, not just three,
but they have four rate cuts priced uh
in 2026. What's the case they're making
there? What's the call?
>> The case there is a weaker labor market.
And that's where the whole doubish case
lies, that the lab jobs market is weaker
than we than we understand right now.
private sector surveys and state level
gauges are pointing towards the fact
that uh jobs are being lost and it's
it's harder to find work and we're also
getting some big headline announcements
now from branded name companies who are
either announcing layoffs or actually
making cuts. Now, it's difficult to
contextualize just how much of a hit all
of this is to the labor market because
as I say, we haven't had that official
sector data from the BLS for several
months now. And of course economists
will argue about the flows in that data,
but nonetheless it at least would have
been capturing the trend and telling you
where the jobs market is. It's hard to
get a true read on that. And when you
also consider, by the way, the big
growth upgrade by the Fed and its
forecast today, it tells you we're
heading into a pretty strong economy
next year, which is which is why the
whole doish case rests on the labor
market. And as I say, we'll get a big
data dump next week on jobs and
inflation, but it's going to take a
couple of months, if not more months
after that, to really get a keen read on
just what exactly is going on with jobs
and inflation here.
>> And great to have your perspective this
morning. That was our Bloomberg Federal
Reserve and economy reporter Ender Karen
there. And just in the last few moments
as well, we've actually had uh some
breaking lines crossing the terminal
here. But relating to Mexico, this is
anticipated, but to say that they have
approved wide ranging tariffs of up to
50% on China. Uh so lawmakers giving
their final approval just in the last
few minutes here, but new tariffs on
Asian imports. So broadly coming into
line really with US efforts to tighten
trade barriers against China. Uh these
new levies are slated to take effect
next year and they are set to hit a wide
range of products from clothing, metals,
auto parts as well. So the finance
ministry in Mexico estimating that these
new duties are going to raise nearly 50
billion pesos uh in extra revenue next
year. Uh 52 billion pesos, that's around
$2.8 billion in import revenue that's
anticipated for 2026.
>> Okay. Um looking at market reaction or
the lack of it, uh nothing much in the
currency, Chinese currency specifically,
dollar peso. Um it's early too liquid at
this point in time, but yeah, we'll see
what this looks like. Equity futures are
not really also doing anything on this
specific news, although uh it is of
course a rally we're seeing here today.
There's Fred story, there's also the
Oracle story, of course, and the nuance
there. Down 12% in after hours trade.
Some of the big names tied maybe to that
story are seeing some pressure, not
joining the rally here today. B, you
were covering this earlier. What can you
tell us about this one?
>> What I can tell you is that there's a
lot of concern around the capex in
particular and this is really quite
extraordinary numbers actually because
in the latest periods, this is the
fiscal second quarter, the capex rose to
12 billion.
In the period prior, it was $8.5
billion. So already you've increased
from 8.5 from the fiscal first to the
fiscal second quarter at 12 billion.
What is also quite exceptional is that
Wall Street analysts had been expecting
it to track down to $8.25 billion.
>> So it's come in much higher than had
been anticipated. And the concern here
is that you're not really seeing enough
ROI because when you look at the the
spending or the revenue from the cloud
division for instance uh that came in at
around uh that came in at around $8
billion. Infrastructure business as well
around $4 billion. But mostly what's
important here is that that was also shy
of analyst estimates. So lots of capex
again not seeing that ROI and you've got
that reaction in Oracle but also
SoftBank.
>> Yeah. I mean we're down 5% uh on Soft
Bank itself. Yeah. So let's tie those
two things together for uh for our
viewers in terms of the market
reactions. There's the Fed story and
there's also the Oracle story. Joining
us here on set, Wishu, our Asia equities
reporter to talk us through this. Why
don't we start with the Fed and some of
the commentary you've heard so far from
the people you've spoken to.
>> Yeah, exactly. It has been quite a mixed
picture. So far this morning we talked
to the people some say that it's uh you
can take it both ways whether it be a
little hawkish or a little dogish
depending on which part of the
commentaries you take. And on the
slightly hawkish side it's just yeah the
fact that they might see one just one
cut next year instead of what some
people expecting for two. However, the
important thing here is that it is a
combination of expecting a stronger
growth uh when it comes to the economy,
but also softer inflation outlook. So,
that combination actually sets up the
markets quite well. It's what we
actually want to uh see in terms of kind
of that that gains that we're seeing in
Asian markets today. So, it's supporting
Asian stocks in in both ways. For
exporters, it's good because if if
you're going to have a good uh economic
outlook from the US and from the for the
domestic um oriented stocks, it's also
good if you expect uh these Asia central
banks to have that room uh to further
cut rates on their side as well. So, it
kind of supports different uh ex uh
sectors in different ways. And from the
currency perspective, yes, you have a
bit of a weaker dollar and hence we're
seeing a bit of a strength when it comes
to the Asia EM currencies. But like you
said, it seems like the um the kind of
gains that we're seeing in Asia is not a
a whole lot, right? Because there is
that concern around the AI front that
Bill was just talking about.
>> But it's interesting when you look take
a look at how AI link names are doing so
far in Asia today. Actually, they're
holding pretty steady. You're not seeing
that magnitude of losses with the
exception of SoftBank, which obviously
is quite a intrinsic story in the sense
they're so linked to OpenAI and to
Oracle. So why do you think it's not
translating as well? Yeah. So that was
actually what we've been asking as well
if there is a spillover effect um from
uh this uh Oracle story or not. But so
far uh because the actually there there
are two sides of analysts. We do hear
from um the more Japan focused uh
analysts saying that it basically is the
worst of both stories whe whether it's
the the revenue side and also the cape
side not looking great. But because it's
so much linked to open AI, we are most
likely to see the effect confined to
just the open AI related names
especially soft bank and especially um
the the yeah the open AI related stocks.
However, um when we talk to kind of just
the broader um the strategist and fund
managers who look at Asia broadly, they
are actually quite concerned about um if
this means like you said that we are not
going to see as much revenue translation
from just how much investment is putting
into uh these uh the the big uh
investments. However, just because we
are seeing a bit of that tailwind from
the Fed today and hence uh the effect on
the broader tech stocks uh today has
been a bit muted. Mhm. Winnie, thanks
very much. That was our Asia Equities
reporter, Winnie Shu, there. And we're
actually going to get more on today's
top themes. Of course, that's that's AI
and that's also the Fed story as well,
most importantly. But Espring
Investments is joining us next. And why
they actually think that tech trade and
AI specifically [music] is the key risk
to watch. We're counting down as well to
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show and futures are [music] looking
like we're going to see some modest
upside at the open. More ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
The fixing [music] of today just in time
here 706
86 against the US dollar on top of
already the stronger Asian FX complex.
You have this and of course that's now
driving dollar China even lower. Uh
we're now talking 70550 let's call it
flat along these lines here.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and of course part of that
is really the dollar story as well and
what we've seen on the reaction to the
Fed. But let's get more on that now.
Bring in Christina Woon. She's portfolio
manager at Espring Investments joining
us. So Christina, we can start with the
Fed and and your reaction to the
decision.
>> Yeah, I think um the Fed cut rates as
expected and that was a fairly consensus
view as well. Um, I would say that what
what that reiterates for me is that we
will see into 2026 traditional
opportunities or avenues for income tail
off a little and then when we think
about how the market's actually done so
well this year as well um um perhaps a
narrowing of the opportunity set for
alpha as well. So I do think that going
into next year where we are right now,
we probably will have to be uh even more
selective in in in trying to drive both
income as alpha uh for equity investors.
>> Okay. Well, I was going to ask you then
what this means for you know a trade
that's been very very popular. Christina
David here by the way we talked at
length about this already with you too.
You know the AI trade and the mega cap
play in the US and we've seen an
internal rotation within some of those
big names in the US of late. How has
that affected how you look at your
portfolio or has it affected you at all?
>> Yeah, definitely. I mean, I would say
that just given how um everything has
shaped up over the over the year or
actually over the past few months within
the AI trade, um that strong rally means
that it is definitely a key risk that we
have to watch even out here in Asia. You
know, we've got diversified supply
chains here, but it doesn't mean that um
um it's something that we we we we
should be complacent about. So I do
think it's something that um you know
I've been taking a bit of profit into
the rally but having said that I do
remain constructive on the trade. You
know I was in Soul just last week
speaking to some of the big memory
makers and the consistent message that
we've been getting is that um supply
into next year remains very tight. So
that does have positive um support for
for demand and supply within certain
spaces. So I can find some comfort by
focusing on where the bottlenecks are
within this trade.
And so how do those continue to perform?
I think obviously the big theme we're
watching is Oracle for instance and then
in their latest numbers we see quite a
significant capex spend a lot more than
Wall Street had been expecting but still
that ROI isn't there quite yet either or
at the level that's been anticipated.
How long is this sort of going to also
sustain? Of course, they've got the
demand for for memory from the likes of
Samsung or SK Highix, but when does that
also start to to reach a tipping point,
do you think?
>> Yeah, I think the the worry that we have
when we see all these big capex numbers
and I think we've seen that expressed in
the market as well is is on the funding
side. But again, if we look at cash
flows and if we do see or we do have the
expectation that um cash flows should
pick up a little alongside or keep pace
versus where they are right now um then
there should be there should be some
support for their overall rhetoric. I
would say though going back to my point
earlier um that's where uh we really do
have to focus on where the bottlenecks
are because that's where that gives you
more visibility and comfort in in
playing this trade. Um the worry of
course that people have in mind is with
all of these uh big numbers that we're
seeing is there the risk of double
booking uh anywhere. Um I I think we
have to be cognizant of the fact that
that that risk will always be there. So
again to solve that you have to focus on
where the bottlenecks are.
>> Uh and risking asking you the obvious
where are those bottlenecks and you know
you just mentioned that you've recently
come from a from a trip to Korea. Is it
is it in that market because that
market's also done exceptionally well
and I wonder how you pair that with the
price right now.
No, I think that's that's absolutely
right. So, Korea's been such a strong
market this year and it's driven so much
by tech. Um, I would say though that uh
the memory players are just given um
what I've heard from them about the
complete lack of clean room facilities
into next year. And you know, capacity
doesn't just come in overnight. You can
snap your fingers and magic up capacity.
So, we're still looking at um um that
situation remaining tight at least um
into into next year as well. Uh so I do
think that within uh the the tech trade
the memory players do stand out um quite
well. The the difficulty with that
though is is just given how how we
balance that out with where sentiment is
which is why I do think that for prudent
sake um taking some profit um into the
rally still remains my my stance at this
point. And then elsewhere in Korea I
wouldn't forget that u um there are the
themes that are playing there as well.
I'm still finding ideas. So for example,
just last week or earlier this week, we
saw the dividend tax reform uh come
around as well. So that does have
implications for how companies will be
thinking about their shareholder return
policies in the coming months. So that
could be a potential opportunity for
income funds too.
We've spoken with a few analysts that
are saying that in light of these
concerns around the AI bubble
essentially that they're thinking maybe
India could present a good
diversification opportunity for 2026.
Are you are you in that camp as well?
>> I am. I mean I would be in agreement
with that. Um and you know India has
quite a number of things going for them
at this point. You know domestically uh
um uh they they do have they had their
RBI cut last week. Uh inflation does
remain benign at this point which uh
does benefit household spending. Um
going into next year if we do see a
finalization of of any trade deal with
the US that could also be positive for
sentiment. So a number of things that
are lining up um possibly into next year
and then as you mentioned as well uh
just given how many of the companies or
listed companies in in um in India
aren't as driven by the AI trade as you
would see in the rest of the uh in the
rest of the world um it does present as
a pretty good uh uh AI hedge in the
current times from a portfolio
perspective. So I do think for
diversification reasons India's actually
a good allocation to have um at this
time.
Christina, fantastic. Thank you.
Christina W there uh in Singapore out of
Eastpring Investments. Going into the
open today, we're higher 7 cents to 1%
on the Hing Index. One thing that is
down though, this trading day, [music]
the Jingong Industrials down about 8% to
13 bucks. The opening bow 6 minutes
away. This is the China show.
[music]
Few minutes away from the open this
morning. Taking a look at some of the
movers. Chav Bankanka is in focus
because we had the very much anticipated
bond holder meeting taking place and
actually we [music] saw a rally in
equity and credit credit markets rather
off the back. So discussion of maybe
some Sweden terms uh for for an
extension of that debt plan. Jingdong
Industries as well. We've got this stock
sliding here at the start of trade. It
is an IPO for this company or start of
trading a trading [music] debut rather.
Uh but we are just going to be watching
that one at the open. They've raised
$383 million in that. More ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
[music] Show. Counting down to the open
of markets. Let me do a a count a
literal countdown [music] for you along
the Fed theme. 4 3 2 1. Four is the
number of cuts Bloomberg economics think
the Fed will deliver next [music] year.
Three is the number of denters on the
Fed. Two is the number of cuts priced
when you look at Fed fund futures. One
is the number of cuts priced when you
look at the DOT flat. That's your
countdown to the open. 20 seconds away.
We [music] are looking at gains across
the board in risk assets, weaker dollar,
equities moving to the upside today.
>> That was a really [music] perfect
introduction there, Dave.
>> Was it?
>> Yes.
>> Thank you.
>> All right. [music] Yeah, pat on the
back. All right. Uh coming into the
market open this morning, I think, yeah,
you've got those those broader macro
[music] factors and it's certainly that
Fed decision and and yes, you got that
cut, but it's also a lot of dissenters
that you're seeing as well on the
committee. So with Kevin Hasset firming
up to be the next Fed chair, it is a big
question of how he's going to really be
able to to manage the troops essentially
going into 2026 and reach a a decision
uh on on where rates should actually end
up going. But we do see markets here at
the start of the day moving higher. Uh
it has been a fairly strong Thursday
afternoon actually that maybe is
translating across this morning. But
some of the sectors for instance we've
been watching in particular well there
was a surge in retail socks for instance
yesterday. You can still see Qua Motai
for instance moving to the upside. My
dear is just kind of flat. But but we
did see Beijing calling for prioritizing
the retail industry as a key driver to
boosting domestic demand. Uh what else
we're watching as well is is the
property sector today because again uh
we had the China VA meeting coming in
yesterday. Maybe some better uh terms
around that debt extension plan. And we
did also maybe see these hopes maybe we
get a little bit more state support. And
so that lifted or boosted property
stocks yesterday as well. But uh we will
shift to Hong Kong now and you can see
just Camberon technologies there but
down a percent. There has been some
reporting again we're continuing to get
details on on on maybe there's there's
names the likes of Alibaba for instance.
Bike dancers is Reuters reporting but
saying that they could actually be
interested in buying those H200 chips
from Nvidia and they're already awaiting
guidance or clearance from from Chinese
government officials. of course has a a
bearing on on names like Cambercon but
also in the session today you're seeing
tech moving higher it's been a big move
though of course for Oracle and that is
one of the key players we're watching
today any sort of spillover effects uh
given Oracle just tracking very high on
its capex but not seeing a huge amount
of ROI uh let's also shift and take a
look at some of the farmer stocks this
morning because we actually do see China
saying it's going to be accelerating the
approval of overseas drugs that are
needed urgently uh we are seeing that
having certainly a bearing today because
a lot of these local farmer names are
under pressure. Uh but they are looking
as I said speeding up the approval of
overseas medicines that are urgently
needed in clinic use and especially
those for rare diseases or children. And
as well you've got this IPO taking place
this morning. So this is a unit of of
JD.com, but it is under pressure so far.
It was an IPO that raised more than $380
million.
>> Yeah. Today uh you know the gray market
was mixed going into today mostly lower.
It's unsurprising we see some pressure,
but I'm quite surprised actually that's
quite substantial uh down about 7%.
Right. Uh for some final thoughts going
into the new year, still with us,
Christina Wun, portfolio manager at
Espring Investments. Christina, thanks
for sticking around. Let's maybe wrap
things up with China. Market's done
well. We started out the year. You know,
foreign investors were massively
underweight, maybe less so at this point
in time. What do you think drives the
equity market next year? Sure.
Um, you know, as you've mentioned,
China's been quite strong this year.
It's one of the the stronger performing
markets as well. Um, um, and I would say
that actually where we are right now,
um, at the end of the year and going
into next year, um, things are looking
um, I'm a bit cautiously optimistic, I
would say. And the reason why I raise
that is because similar to many other
markets, we've had some parts of China
rallying quite strongly. um you know the
the tech names in China have done well
or the internet names in China have done
well um you've had some industrials also
hold up pretty uh pretty well this year
but um is the trade uh uh is the capital
recycling trade or rotation into some of
the lagards this year as clear um I'm
I'm not as sure so for example within
consumer you know we do have we have had
some headlines around support
potentially coming in as well retail
being a a vertical to to be supported
but I think some of the numbers at this
point are still still looking a bit
weak. So, um when I think about it from
a a capital recycling standpoint, it's
not as clear, but I think what China has
going for them would be um light
investor positioning as you've mentioned
as well. The underweight um has closed a
little but but it's still an underweight
and valuations do remain attractive more
broadly. So, I think that does work in
in the market's favor hopefully into
next year.
So if if if that rally is looking quite
concentrated and you don't necessarily
see any sort of broadening next year,
what what which names or or areas or
opportunities are you most interested
in?
>> Sure. Um I would say that um some of the
winners that we've seen this year um for
example within the the China tech giants
um that remains to be uh a trade that
I'm continually uh constructive on. Um
we've seen uh things move within some of
the tech names from uh talks of of tech
innovation to monetization as well. So
there's still a bit of runway within
that uh within that area. Um I do see
some of the industrials continuing into
next year though we will uh some of the
condu industrials rally continuing into
next year. Um some of that has gone from
a cyclical rally to uh more of perhaps
exposure to the DC side. So that's an
added leg uh that could give them a bit
more runway as well. On the consumer
end, as I sort of touched on earlier, um
it's been a bit of a lagger this year
and we've seen that through some of the
autos named some of the staples as well.
Um I am thinking uh can we bottom fish a
bit there, but I am also looking for
some execution uh uh um or some of the
numbers to turn a bit better going into
the start of next year. So hopefully um
if both of that lines up, that could be
a good opportunity set for uh for China
next year.
Christina,
thank you so much for that and have a
great new year. It was great speaking
with you this year. Let's do it again.
Of course, early in 2026, Christina when
their portfolio manager at Espring uh
investments just maybe notice the
graphic that came up on your screens
right now. Just an iteration if you will
on the weaker dollar story in this form
is the onshore uh Chinese currency uh
inching closer to the 705
handle. Uh the other thing we're
tracking too is uh this is a two-day
look at the equity at the eight shares
of China Vanco and that rally we had
yesterday. We are opening lower though
uh going into the session today. Um
okay, are we doing this again? Okay, why
not? Anyway, uh what are we doing now?
7065.
Okay, we're going back to Vango, I was
told. All right, let's have a look there
because so there was a meeting and the
meeting was you had options on the
table. Two of the options I understand
were for better terms, but they still
have yet to decide and vote on which of
the options and whether or not once they
do vote on the options we get past the
threshold uh whether or not it Vanka
then I think approves
uh what was voted for. If that didn't
make sense to you, Trista Shinino is
here with us to help make sense of that.
Did I get that correctly or Okay. Okay.
Why don't you why don't you tell us what
happened? So during uh yesterday's
meetings over like roughly 30 minutes
meeting and bond holders were
represented with three proposal. The
first one is banker's original proposal
trying to delay the UN no payment for 12
months without any from payment cash or
also you know um installments and the
other two as you mentioned earlier offer
more generous terms like asking them to
pay interest on time and also uh for
some you know credit enhancement and
right now they have until Friday to vote
for but um you know Vanc's
representative did reach out to some
creditors uh on Tuesday saying that
maybe we can extend the you know uh
grace period for a bit and then we can
have a revised proposal. So everything
is still fluid right fluid right now. So
we are watching closely on how
everything goes.
>> Not the only one that's trying to I
guess negotiate or reassure creditors
because China's aviation giants unit as
well is in this I mean not going to say
same situation but the in that same situ
[laughter]
I said it
>> what can you tell us
>> similar boat of trying to meet its
obligations financial obligations. All
right, Trista. Yes.
>> Yeah. So, they uh reached out to bond
holder earlier this week trying to
reassure that they will pay um their
bonds like fully and timely, right?
because um I think it's local nose
plunge a little bit plunge a lot to be
are to be sure uh earlier because I
think investor are increasing worry
about um this company's financial health
and also whether they can get more
support from the government side because
of everything happened on Vani is a bit
unexpected for the investors. So right
now investor are raising concern over
maybe some weaker stay back firms. So
this company is one of those.
>> Trista, thanks very much for joining us.
That was our China credit reporter,
Trista Shin Law, joining us there. And
uh let's also take a look at what's
happening with with Chinese stocks this
morning so far. We're about 8 minutes
into trade, but we have been seeing
quite a big rally recently in the small
caps index and and UBS is among those
saying that this is actually looking to
extend. Uh and that's because investors
are seeking shares that aren't actually
available right now via the uh via the
Hong Kong Stock Connect. So let's get
more of that Asia stocks reporter Genie
Yu who's with us. So Genie, you actually
spoke to to UBS about this this
phenomenon essentially that we're
seeing. Yeah, it's actually kind of
surprising to me as well because um
based on the fact that stock connect
actually cover more than 90% of the
market cap, you know, of the whole Asian
market and also um there are so many
stocks that has that have already be
included in the stock connect but when
we talked to traders at UBS that did see
um that did said that you know um there
has been a very um clear trend that
investor they're seeking um access to
those um companies that's not available
on the connect and they have been
flocking to use the Qi Kota uh which
give them um less restrictions in terms
of what they can buy. Um so basically um
our data actually found that more than
1,200 companies they're still not
included in those connect and those
shares have actually delivered a much
higher return than the benchmark CSI
300. Um they've returned more than 30%
um so far this year. So um I think
that's one of the reason you know given
the um China market b this year you know
a lot of investors they're trying to you
know seek other ways to boost their
portfolio return um so that's why
they've been using more QI
>> is this a sign that the that the winds
are changing in favor of ashares broadly
and I guess a more broader rally beyond
them because you mentioned right CSI 300
CSI 1000 the latter has done better
>> than than the former
>> yeah it looks like um this is like based
on the chats I had recently ly it it it
does like um investors they're getting
more bullish for the onshore stocks um
especially um recently there has been
some concerns over the liquidity issues
you know for Hong Kong and um also um
some some people they are talking about
you know um for Asia companies they're
actually you know they're having uh
there are more like less correlation
with you know the external market so
which give investors a very good reason
to increase you know when their
uncertainties actually increased um and
then they need some diversification in
their portfolio.
>> Thank you, Gina. You there, our Asia
stocks reporter. You can check out her
piece on the terminal. It's also on the
internets. Okay. Uh we're coming off
highs in across some of these markets
with a look at equity markets right now.
We'll have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Mexican lawmakers have given final
approval for new tariffs on Asian
imports, broadly aligning with US
efforts to tighten trade barriers
against China. Let's get more with our
economy and government reporter Gonzalo
Sto who joins us from Mexico City. So,
this has just been approved in in the
last 30 minutes or so, but what exactly
uh does it change and what does it mean
essentially as well?
Yeah, was less than an hour ago, the
Mexican Senate approved a new tariff
bill that includes new levies for over
1,400
uh different products, mainly from Asian
countries, but particularly from China.
Uh this of course means a realignment in
Mexico's trade policy. Uh trying to be
more uh in line or in touch with
Washington's
uh trade policy. In the past few uh few
years, Mexico in the past has been very
proud of inking different uh trade deals
with uh several nations across the
globe. But now it's trying to protect
national industry from Asian countries
in particular. And I mean this is an
unprecedented bill in terms of the of
the size of and what it means also to
this realignment with the United States.
>> Yeah, that's a good point. This is a
it's a decision that wasn't made purely
in a vacuum. C. Can you help us
understand then what the broader
consequences are uh from from from this
bill?
>> Sure. I mean, this bill was presented
back in September uh along with Mexico's
2026 budget, but after heavy lobbying
from Asian uh Asian countries and
companies here in Mexico, it was delayed
several several months. And what this
means is that there will be more
restrictions for uh importers uh that
bring into Mexico products from uh China
in particular, but also Vietnam, um
Korea, other Asian nations that
according to Mexican officials have been
uh hurting Mexican national production.
But again, this uh what this does is put
Mexico in line with what Washington has
been doing in the past uh in the past
few months or at least during the Trump
administration. And this comes uh just
months before Mexico, Canada, and the
United States have to sit down and
revise the USMCA trade deal. A trade
deal that of course Donald Trump has uh
dried in the past. But the but but the
three countries will have to sit down
next summer and talk about it. And this
according to several officials will help
ease uh those negotiations or at least
that's the intent uh also um the
ministry of economy uh will get
extraordinary uh new powers uh to move
around those tariffs uh to change them
without having to ongo undergo the
legislative process to do so. So that
that is also an important change uh
facing this uh renegotiation or this
revision of the USMCA trade deal.
>> I mean I can see that that yeah
obviously helps with the relations with
the US and and with Canada but there are
a lot of Asian companies that we're
seeing that are going to Mexico to to
establish their North American
manufacturing. So h what is the likely
blowback going to be and also from China
in particular?
Yes, actually that is one of the reasons
that uh this tariff bill took so long to
pass in Congress. uh not only because of
heavy lobbing from uh Asian uh companies
but also because people uh within uh the
ruling Morena party uh were very
skeptical of going into this uh type of
trade war or involving Mexico in this
tariff war with Asian countries
particularly because a lot of industries
here in Mexico depend heavily on inputs
from Asia particularly China. Um I mean
Mexico uh different uh it has several
differences with the rest of Latin
America. Mexico of course uh is United
States number one trade partner and uh
doesn't rely as much uh with uh China on
China for its imports. Nevertheless,
several industries particularly car
makers or toys, home appliances rely
heavily on those inputs. So there will
be some sort of backlash although
Mexican officials say there won't be a
heavy impact and uh most of the tariffs
that have been implemented or or the
products that will be uh levied now or
will be hit with by these new levies uh
can be easily replaced by national
production.
>> Gonzalo, thanks so much for joining us
this evening your end. But that was our
Mexico economy and government reporter
there, Gonzalo Sto. And taking a look as
we go into break here, we're 20 minutes
into trade. Actually, we're seeing
Chinese equities moving to the upside
slightly. We are seeing volumes that
aren't looking too heavy though right
now. More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Mizuo Financial Group CEO says [music]
he's optimistic that momentum in
investment banking will continue both at
home and in the US where Japan's third
largest lender has been expanding. We
spoke exclusively to Masahiro Kihara and
began by asking about the impact of
today's Fed rate cut.
>> It will have a positive uh effect on our
business. Uh the the momentum will
continue probably and that's good for
us. Yeah. When it comes to the economic
outlook for the US, do you expect the
Fed to do more given what you talk about
those challenges?
>> Well, I think that that's you know uh
that's what we expect.
>> I don't not maybe two or three. Yeah.
>> Mhm. In 2026.
>> Yeah.
>> You are already seeing the slowdown in
the US economy.
>> Well, if I talk with my people,
>> what's happening in the real world
world, it looks like a little bit of
slowdown is happening.
>> Yeah. Although it's not still on the
figures yet, but I think that that's
that's the reality. Yeah.
>> But when it comes to those rate cuts, as
you mentioned, it's still very positive
for your business.
>> Of course, it's very positive for us.
>> Where is growth for you in America?
>> So, we have been building out our
investment banking business to a full
scale. Two years ago, we bought uh uh
M&A boutique from Green Hill. we we
finished uh the the integration
and that by by using our miso platform
and greenhill platform we're are now
able to pursue large scale M&A deals get
the full value chain starting from M&A
for example uh recently we did a a big
deal for Sketchers
>> where Sketchers was acquired by 3G
capital in the old days we never thought
about that right now we can do that kind
of deals also
uh crossber deals Japan, US that's
expanding in our platform too.
>> So, US is becoming a catalyst for our
growth actually.
>> Are you seeing a lot of competition from
other domestic rivals?
>> Not really in this uh US investment
banking. I think you know uh I think our
strategy is to get all the capabilities
that we want inside our bank actually
>> you know Mitsubishi SNBC is a little bit
different the strategy is so not seeing
a lot bro and rather seeing more
competitions from European uh peers or
we're not going to be the five peers
like the US banks but but but rather
competition is from the European banks
probably
>> and from a global perspective our you
know uh uh CIB league table we were 13th
last year
>> this year we we uh ratchet up to 11th
actually
>> yeah you continue advancing in that
market and you mentioned the US Japan
crossber deals as well there's a lot of
activity here
>> yes there is there is
>> give us some of your outlook for 2026
>> so I guess you know it I think
everything starting from the corporate
governance reform that has been executed
by the stock so stock exchange And that
is still continuing I think and people
and the mindset of the CEOs has changed
that they need to improve their returns
roe they need to invest. uh so and we
have been very very strong in the uh
large cap se sector and we have been
able to capture uh corporate actions
based on such momentum change also what
what's interesting is that momentum
change is spreading out into the midcaps
too
>> let's say 50 billion to 100 billion
market cap
>> and we added on CIB capability in the
midcap sector and what happened is that
in in three years the revenue you the
kar was somewhere around 60%. So I think
the economy is trying to revive. Uh the
corporates are starting to make sure
that they want to is starting to uh uh
improve their return and then we have a
new prime minister who is eager to
>> you know grow grow the economy. So I
think overall Japan will be very very
interesting.
Okay, that was the Mizuo financial boss.
Masahiro Kihara there with Sherry uh
over in Tokyo. They talked about the Fed
story. The Treasury story is right here.
We're looking at a further uh rally
across this alit of course very very
small it due the spread there and again
a a steepening [music] of the curve.
Right. Uh very quickly EMFX weak dollar
coming up on your screens. We have a
Philippine Central back decision later
today. They're expected to cut. And of
course, coming up, we're talking about
Crane Shares. K Webb. Heard about that?
Probably have. They're listing in Hong
Kong today. This is Bloomberg.
That strong rally [music] means that it
is definitely a key risk that we have to
watch even out here in Asia. I think you
could see some more rate cuts in the
back part of next year because what
you'll likely see is the first part you
might elevate inflation should still be
a little bit elevated. You're going to
see that cyclical pickup in the back
part of next year you might think start
to see the economy cool down a little
bit and then inflation's likely to slow
[music] back down.
>> Certainly there was scope to get greater
descents from a hawkish direction than
what we got. I think four regional Fed
[music] presidents potentially Governor
Bar was also leaning against this cut.
>> The one thing he had left to say was
policies at neutral and he got very
close to saying that. He said we're
within the plausible range of estimates
[music] of neutral, but then when he
gave his own opinion, he said we're
probably at the higher end of that
range. So I think he still left the door
open [music] for January.
>> If productivity growth is driving gains
in overall economic growth, it means we
can actually have higher break evens on
the Fed funds rate because the economy
can grow more rapidly without having to
lower rates.
Just some of the many guests we've had
here on Bloom television reacting
[music] and giving their first take on
the Fed decision. They cut interested
for a third time. There's of course the
nuance there of silent denters.
>> You had three denters that were on
record and of course but you have many
others who expressed it through other
channels like the dots.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> That's a good thing too.
>> Yeah. I mean it was two policy makers uh
from Kansas and then also Chicago and
then also of course the governor uh
Steven Myron who who voted against and
that was on on the actual voting
committee but then yeah there were a lot
more and it really does make that task
for J Pal very difficult but also the
successor to J Pal as well.
>> It is yeah how does he deal with the
divisions within within the Fed and when
you look at the denters outside of
course of of of of Mr. Miran uh really
they weren't as convinced yet over the
case to cut not just now but into into
the future. Although it's you could make
an equally strong case to cut by four
times which is what the bloom our folks
at Bloomberg economics actually thinks
when you look uh mainly at the labor
market and how they extrapolate that
weakness into next year. So I mean we
could be anywhere by this time next
year. Dplat has one, Fed fund futures
has two. The first of the two start in I
think it's July June July. Uh and then
that gets us into the rest of the year.
city I think just to recall Joanna Chuad
the house fiata city is four three cuts
this one
>> and two in the first quarter two more
right okay u and I guess on that note
plus you have the stronger growth
outlook that they've outlined which is
really good for equity markets with the
exception I think you have to strip out
the oracle effect in some markets but if
we didn't have the oracle effect uh we'd
perhaps be looking at more green on your
screens but that is to say of course we
are seeing a rally in the Asia Pacific
and risk assets here uh oil's another
big story to track We were continuing to
see some strength there. Um there's the
story there across the oil tanker in
Venezuela that's picked up. I think
second or third day we are seeing some
upside pressure on energy prices and the
opposite uh on the currency markets
which is a weaker dollar. Asian FX
stronger Chinese currency stronger. Uh
when you look at the onshore rates there
we go uh right at about 706 right now
which should be the strongest level.
They're going back to maybe late 3Q
2024, early 4Q 20 uh 24.
>> Yeah, we've of course seen the dollar
moving lower off that with with that Fed
rate cut, but we can get more from from
J. Pal, of course, in the press
conference. Here are some of the big
highlights.
>> Today, the Federal Open Market Committee
decided to lower our policy interest
rate by a quarter percentage point.
Available indicators suggest that
economic activity has been expanding at
a moderate pace. Consumer spending
appears to have remained solid and
business fixed investment has continued
to expand. There is no risk-free path
for policy as we navigate this tension
between our employment and inflation
goals. As detailed in a statement
released today by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, reserve management
purchases will amount to $40 billion in
the first month and may remain elevated
for a few months. So I don't think that
um a a rate hike is anybody's base as
the next thing is anybody's base case at
this point.
>> Let's bring in Bloomberg and live
strategist Mark Crownfield joining us
this morning from Singapore. And Mark,
how do you read the Fed decision and
particularly as we've been discussing
just the amount of descents or descent
rather that we're seeing tracking
higher? How does that complicate the
path do you think for stocks moving
forward?
>> Um in the near term um not too much
really. I mean investors and traders
have latched on. If you notice in his
comments there, reserve management
purchases. Everybody has jumped on that,
especially foreign exchange traders.
That is effectively QE light. That is
the Fed going back to building up their
balance sheet again. After a long time
of reducing their balance sheet, they
are going to start buying Treasury bills
again and boost their balance sheet.
That's massive liquidity going back into
US markets. that will translate across
the world. The clearest way for macro
traders to do that is to sell the US
dollar. You're seeing that happening.
The US dollar is weak. We're going to
probably going to talk about the yuan in
a minute. That's one of them. But the
euro had a very good move overnight as
well. So that's one theme. Steeper curve
in US treasuries. That's going to
complicate the the outlook for the
market there. The short end is
definitely going to be pushed down with
the yields are going to be held down by
the fact that the the Fed is buying. so
consistently. And yet, as some of the
people in the earlier comments were
saying, there's question marks over the
path for inflation. That means the curve
is probably going to steepen as we go
into next year. The outlook for whether
the Fed can or cannot cut more
frequently next year. A lot of that will
depend on who the the next Fed chairman
will be. Then there's the com the issues
how it relates to other central banks.
Some central banks in G10 are starting
to move towards a more tightening path.
European central banks sounding a little
bit more hawkish. they meet next week.
RBA this week clearly starting to move
that way. Canada and maybe even the Bank
of England, they might lower rates, but
there might not be um a doubbish cut as
there. Things are changing within the
G10 space. There's going to be a lot
more friction. Plenty for macro traders
to do in 2026.
Mark, I I was looking at the securities
times in China this morning and there's
a report there that talks about this
sudden surge in hedging activity among
corporates because the yuan to your
point has been been been suddenly very
very strong and overseas and you know if
you have overseas operations you
understand why they're doing that. Uh
what do you make of today's fix? Is that
in some ways u an endorsement from the
PBC of the dollar weakness? This is a
big green light effectively for the yuan
to rally further.
>> Oh, very much so. Because if you look at
the way the fixing came in, although the
traders estimates was a bit high, uh
although the the actual fixing was above
the trader estimate, the most important
reading for the market's point of view
is that the actual dollar yuan rate was
set at the lowest so far this year. In
fact, going back even to 2024. So
clearly the PBOC is telling the market,
look, we're willing to set the exchange
rate on a lower path. We expect you to
follow, not necessarily in a hurry, but
at a gradual pace. It still very much
looks as though the PBOC is ready to
allow dollar yuan to go below seven,
maybe even back to the mid6 level, six
and a half or so as we get into next
year. There's another story out on
Bloomberg today saying that the the
trade balance this year for China has
been extremely good around a trillion
dollars or so. It will probably get even
bigger in 2026. When you take that into
account, there's plenty of room for the
yan to shift to a higher trading range.
On top of that, if you look at the the
significant change in the way that
traders are positioning at the beginning
of this year, they were using the
forwards and the options market to take
bearish positions on the yuan. They were
using that as a kind of a hedging tool.
That has completely changed. They're now
using the forward market to enhance
their bullish positions on the yuan. So
clearly there's a dynamic shift in terms
of thinking about the yuan's path which
is helped by the central bank. And then
you've got the external picture, the
fact that the fed is helping to lower
the price of the US dollar by doing this
reserve management purchase as well.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Granfield setting
us up quite nicely in terms of maybe
risk or risk appetites going into next
year. Raj Singh is with us here on set,
multi-asset portfolio manager at
principal asset management. Raj, very
nice to see you. Is there a big green
light to take on more risk?
>> Um I would say uh definitely it's risk
positive especially compared to the
where the market was expecting. So
market was looking for a hawkish cut
from the fed but we got here what uh the
reading from SCP for me if I can
summarize in one line is
>> sure
>> productivitydriven goldilocks basically
that's what the SCPs are telling us. Uh
so so as per Fed we are in a good
economic environment growth is going up
inflation coming down and probably your
labor market is uh softening but not too
much so good for risk environment. Uh
the next thing what we saw in last month
or so was this big pressure in the
funding markets and market was looking
probably fed will do something in in
January but uh there was a positive
surprise of 40 billion buying for the
reserve management. So so which means
the fed balance sheet will go up and
will go up with the nominal GDP of US
which we we are still looking for
somewhere around four four to 5% growth
next year. So so I think on the net net
it is it is really positive. Uh the
other observation I would highlight
though is uh that a lot of these
projections are based upon AI. So the AI
become lynchpin not only for the market
but also to direct to certain extent the
fed policy.
>> Can you delve into that relationship a
bit more how exactly that's being
underpinned by by AI and and what
happens from here essentially too.
>> Yeah. So so basically when we look at
the SCPs what is happening your growth
is higher. uh so it's driven by the AI
capex to to a large extent and then your
inflation is coming off based upon the
SCPs uh because of the productivity
gains. Uh so what do you do basically
for the same amount of labor either you
are producing more goods um or basically
you are reducing your labor and
producing same amount of goods. So, so
in in that way I think the AI is going
to do uh productivity gain as per as per
Fed and probably it's going to stay with
us uh for for for few years to come. So,
so it's very similar to what we saw back
in 1990s where Fed was just going for
this uh uh productivitydriven growth. Uh
so I think I think that's AI thing is is
very important not only for the market.
So I think Fed is one part of it uh that
definitely the market is also driven by
what is going to happen to the AI theme
overall. Mhm.
>> Why then given that growth picture do
you see the Fed needing to still cut
interest rates?
>> Yeah. So I think uh when you read uh the
Fed uh here it was definitely insurance
cut and uh and I would say kudos to Fed
here like they have they have done a
soft landing from 10% inflation levels
to now where we are sitting here. So
definitely when we look at the data of
course there's a vacuum in the data. the
labor market is softening here and uh
and look at the jolts like your quit
rate is so low. So basically it means uh
you can enter this phase where you have
this jobless uh GDP expansion in US and
it and the economy can be very fragile.
So I think this insurance cut makes
sense especially given that uh the the
funding for the government is until uh
end of Jan. So basically we may be in
the similar situ situation in in next
two months.
What happens then for for Asia stocks
next year and and which benchmarks do
you see being the biggest performers do
you think? Do you still see that the
ones that are tied to AI specifically
Taiwan, Korea, Japan as well?
>> Yeah. So I think uh in in Asia probably
we are looking for this babble of AI the
Taiwan Korea I mean those are good spots
to be because ultimately the capeax is
going to be there uh that the tax credit
in in US and and the tax bill uh
incentivize companies to bring that kax
earlier so so I think I think that's
there uh but I would say apart from that
what we are looking we are looking India
it's a great diversifier uh for your
portfolios whenever there's a pause so
there will be apps and flows for the AI
trade and whenever those are happening.
I think probably the money will flow to
India. Apart from that, India has
domestic story in it. Uh I think GST uh
reforms we saw, labor codes we saw and
and still the domestic liquidity is is
is ample and RBI is supportive. So I
think it provides a good diversification
to that AI trade in in Asia. So that's
that's where we are looking for and
position for 2026. And just the between
exposure to equities and exposure to
fixed income,
you know, the Fed is cutting, but you
know, Mark Cranfield, our colleague,
just pointing out others are starting to
plant the seeds of of interest rate
hikes.
>> How do you feel about fixed income
returns next year up in duration or do I
reduce exposure to fixed income
substantially?
>> Yeah. So, uh, so, so that's a great
point. Uh, what do you see globally that
the easing expectations are coming down?
uh and it was also for the Fed. I mean
before this meeting just 3 weeks back we
were looking for three cuts for 2026.
Now we are setting two cuts. So so that
easing expectation from the global
central banks is is is definitely coming
down. But at the same time you your
labor market we look at the Aussie
report this morning what happened. So so
the labor market globally it seems
little bit fragile because of the AI
it's impacting a lot of industries. So
you don't know where you will sit on
this and and then uh I think the curve
has steepened a lot uh and a lot of
fiscal angst is priced in in the long
end. So from our perspective you want to
ride the carrier at the short end. You
still want to clip that coupon but you
need to go for the duration at the
longer end of the curve. And when and
when you look at the curve positioning
right now I think the US has done pretty
well. It has outperformed most of the
curves. And what this Fed cuts give
which is not probably uh appreciated in
the market is it gives a little bit more
breathing room from a fiscal side for us
as well. It's like US is sitting on 21%
of the bills and the bill supply is
going to go up. So probably we are
looking for longer duration here. I
think either through the Fed cut labor
market slowdown or if the AI trade is
not working I think it's a great hedge
in the portfolio. So we want to be
there. uh but not only the fixed income
we want to express this view in equity
side as well through the financials
globally I think the financials make
sense given curve is steepening and if
your hed if your easing expectations
coming down that's the place you want to
be probably
>> yeah I guess it's that question do you
see any sort of jitters that come back
in with the new fed chair coming through
and and whether the the
traders essentially trust that that pick
as well and the responsibility as well
around the easing path but Raj thanks
very much for joining us this morning
that was Raj Singh a multiasset
portfolio manager at Principal Asset
Management. Still ahead, we count the
cost of well, it's a diplomatic tussle
dispute between China and Japan still
ongoing and tensions continuing to weigh
on retailers as well. We'll talk more
about that next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
I have stated that Japan's national
policy has not changed at all. Their
response is that this alone is
insufficient.
But as for what should be done about it,
I'd rather not get into the content
further. We've been having various
discussions. We've been mentioning our
thinking over how to overcome this
situation.
Honestly, there's nothing I can discuss
at this point.
That was Tetssuo Satto there, the head
of the former Japanese ruling party or
coalition partner rather, Kato. He says
Japan and China's diplomatic dispute
shows no sign of immediate off-ramp.
That's despite his party holding talks
with Beijing officials. Tensions have
spiked between the two countries over
the past several weeks and that's after
remarks of course on Taiwan by Prime
Minister Sai Takayichi. So those
tensions we've seen putting a lot of
pressure on Japanese retail stocks,
tourist spending as well as under
threat. I mean it's really important to
just recognize the significance of
Chinese spending in the Japanese market
because it has been the major
contributor actually accounting for
about a third of spending by foreign
visitors to Japan last quarter. So a
lot. But uh let's get more of our
equities reporter Alice French who joins
us out of Tokyo. So Alice, given you've
just got so many flight cancellations
and continuing to see that pull back, h
how is this actually having an impact
and when do we really start to see it
showing perhaps when it comes to
earnings?
>> Yeah, I think that's the big question,
right? Um this spat I think has gone on
for for longer than perhaps some
investors had originally thought. We're
now kind of a month in and it doesn't
really seem to be showing any signs of
sort of slowing down. Like you say, it's
really the tourist spending here that
people are worried about. We know uh we
know that Chinese tourists do make up
around 28% of tourist spending and
that's a big chunk, right? And
especially in the kind of luxury space.
So things like department stores um
chicedo, the the cosmetics firm, is also
very popular with with Chinese visitors.
And so those stocks have really suffered
and I mean they they really plunged sort
of the day after things ramped up in in
mid November. And they've kind of just
extended those declines over the past
few weeks. And we've even had some
brokerages kind of rerating some of
these names as as we go into 2026 on the
worries that you know if if that
spending and and those tourist uh visits
do kind of go down that it will really
start hitting earnings and sales. Now of
course you know we have seen record
numbers of tourists coming into Japan
this year from from all across the globe
really. It's not just China and so you
know we've got those American tourists
the European tourists coming here on the
weekend. they could cushion some of that
blow, but you know, we know that that
Chinese tourists, as you say, make up a
big chunk of spending. It is a risk, and
I think in some ways it's a Japan
specific risk that some investors are
are getting a bit nervous about as we go
into the new year.
>> Yeah, I mean, we're just showing it on
the screens. 8 million so far in tourist
flow. I just had a look at, you know,
yuan yen and that's at 22 effectively.
Let's call it uh highest in in so the
incentive is really there to travel.
Could this dispute, Alice, really
threaten that overall trend that we've
seen?
>> I mean, I do think there's a risk that
it could. You know, we've seen some
figures coming out that that flights
from China to Japan might have been cut
by almost a half already this month.
Now, that's obviously pretty big. Um, we
we've been hearing that China has been
asking airlines to to cut some flights
through as long as March. So, this could
really extend. And of course any
escalation any kind of ramping up in
tensions is going to be bad for these
kind of China vulnerable names. Now I
mentioned Chaseedo there first retailing
that runs Unilo is is another uh another
option. Um now it's not obviously it's
not just tourist spending okay a lot of
these companies also rely on revenue
from China. They sell to Chinese
consumers in the mainland. If tensions
ramp up could that even start weighing
on kind of you know consumer sentiment
over there? We know that in the past,
for example, fast retailing has been hit
by boycots even from from Chinese
consumers. Now, we haven't quite got to
that level yet in this case, but you
know, as as things keep simmering, it's
it's not completely out of the question,
and I do think the risk is real. Having
said that, you know, there are lots of
other reasons to kind of be buying into
those Japan retail names at the moment.
We do have a pickup in kind of, you
know, domestic consumption. Um, of
course, inflation is also on on the
horizon there. So there's perhaps a need
for caution too. Um but I think you know
it's not that these names are going to
fall completely out of favor but the
kind of the downside risk has has
definitely ramped up and it is something
to keep an eye on for sure.
>> We had an interview recently with with
Taiwan's foreign minister and he said
that he expects that the effects of this
spat to last for the next year. I mean h
how does this actually have a bearing
then on the longer term uh ramifications
for Japanese equities or does it have a
longerterm impact?
>> Yeah, I mean it's all going to be on the
timing, right? And as you say, it's it's
going to depend how long this goes on
for and I think once we start getting in
those tourist numbers kind of over the
next couple of months and we actually
start to see quantitatively how many few
Chinese visitors we we're getting, I
think it'll be it'll be easier for for
investors to make that call. But, you
know, as I mentioned, there are lots of
other kind of dynamics going on in the
Japanese market. Of course, we're just,
you know, a week and a bit away from the
BOJ decision next week. Of course, we
had the Fed overnight. People expecting
um a hike there from the BOJ and that
will probably boost things like
financials. We we've of course got all
of this fiscical spending and this kind
of stimulative um spending from from new
Prime Minister Takayichi as well, which
is again fueling those kind of consumer
names here domestically. Of course,
we've got things like corporate
governance continuing in the background,
those tailwinds, M&A. So, I think, you
know, there's still lots of reasons to
to be cautiously optimistic about Japan
as as we go into to the new year, but
but the China risk is for sure one to
watch and not to mention other
geopolitical things like tariffs, etc.
So, it's it's going to keep investors
busy for sure.
>> Alice, fantastic. Thank you. Alice
French there, our equity equities
reporter uh on the latest on this front.
a quick glance at equity markets and
we'll see you see you guys in a bit.
[laughter]
[music]
Welcome back. Right, let's have a look
at Keell. I think this is the REIT
[music] and Hong Kong lab which is
listed over in Singapore. Uh Keel Reed
is well is going to buy uh a one-third
interest in tower 3 of MBFC which is the
Marina Bay financial center tower there.
Uh one and a half billion Singh uh is a
price one for that. Uh speaking of
property just a glance at Chinese
property names on your screens. Uh a
rally within the session yesterday on
Vancouver for example. We're seeing that
pull back today. Uh not to the extent we
had yesterday of course but we are
looking at declines across that market.
It is of course does remain a very very
soft spot u on the broader Chinese
economic story u and just uh list a
trading debut today Jingong Industrials
has paired most of the early losses were
still down two and a half was [music]
down as much as 8% at one point and
speaking of uh another debut here today
ETF you have K web listing here [music]
in the city today and coming up is the
COO of Crane to talk us through the
listing here what they got planned of
course going into next year so stay
tuned for that interview and many
others, including a wrap of the Japanese
clothes as we head into [music] the
lunch break in Tokyo.
Japanese markets are just about to go
into their lunch break this morning and
we are seeing them actually some
downside pressure and I think that that
really points to just the importance of
Oracle for traders today because
actually we had the conditions were
looking pretty right post that Fed
decision and you saw really moves to the
upside but then the Oracle numbers came
out and and really continued to pour
concern around or pour
>> well I mean that the return on
investment
>> yes that's I want to Essentially, Oracle
came out. They have a huge capex.
They're not getting the ROI. Traders are
concerned. They're also very concerned
about the tie up between Oracle and
OpenAI specifically. You've seen that
reflected in the share price. It's lost
around a third since its September peak.
>> And so, you see names like SoftBank for
instance that are really dragging down
the the benchmark so far in Japan today.
>> It you know that brings to mind and just
letting my producers know I'll probably
need a minute to get my thoughts out on
this. So, as you look at softback down
on 7%, right? I think two three weeks
back at the new economy forum uh and the
reason I'm saying this is Mark Rowan was
on stage out of Apollo
>> um and I wrote about it in fact on the
Hong Kong newsletter which coming out
today that's the plug but so he said
when you look at the market structure
these days public markets bank lending
and private markets the projects that
these AI infrastructure for example that
they're building out these are extremely
longer term
>> projects So the return fine we're not
going to get them in the next let's call
it even few quarters right bank lending
borrow short they're not really
structured and designed to lend long
>> equity markets we know are impatient
with quarterly results
>> so that's really where private markets
come in because these are longerterm
projects that need longer term time
horizons from patient investors
>> and I guess that just is my way of
crowbarring in my my my entry today to
the Hong Kong newsletter speaking about
why more companies are now able to
remain private because they're able to
raise the amount of debt and equity in
private markets that would otherwise
have only been available to Mark Rowan's
point only in as an IPO
>> uh way way back. But now you can stay
private. Look at SpaceX for example.
Although of course
>> they're looking to list but yeah I
understand what you're saying. I mean
we've seen a real explosion of private
credit and and that certainly looks to
be sustained. But
>> uh taking a look at some of these other
moves in the session today.
>> Yes. So we're looking at Riohin Kakaku
if you're not familiar with that that is
of course Muji uh overseas sales were
doing well the point Alice French was
making overall that we have paired most
of the gains right on the benchmark
we're now just up a tenth of 1% US
futures are now down about half of 1% so
that didn't last long did it
>> well I think it's that tech story you
can see yeah tech gauge is dragging it
down
>> um yeah and I guess it doesn't help that
you have really large caps there and
very heavy waitings
>> uh in these benchmarks anyway that's
just to say That takes us into the other
top story we're tracking today. We
talked about Jindong Industrials and
that IPL. There's the other one of
course that is uh debuting here today in
Hong Kong. K web if that moniker sounds
familiar because it probably is. K web
in the US. Kweb now lists in Hong Kong.
Uh and you have ETF provider Kar of
course providing this product uh
tracking Chinese internet names here in
Hong Kong. It follows listings in
London, also in Abu Dhabi on top of, of
course, the actual listing in New York.
Joining us from New York, Crane Share
COO, Jonathan Shelon. Jonathan, good
morning, sir, from the Asia-Pacific.
Thank you for joining us today.
Momentous day. It's now available here
right around the corner from where we're
sitting.
Why list it here if I can buy it anyway
where you are? That's my first question.
>> Sure. Um, Annabelle, David, thank you
for having me. uh delighted to be here
with you. Um you know, we're delighted
to be expanding our partnership with
ICBC
and launching K Webb in Hong Kong. This
really completes the link, if you will.
Um K Webb is already listed in New York
and in London and now we have really
nearly continuous global access to K web
around the globe irrespective of region
or time zone. and that's something that
we've been wanting to accomplish for a
long time and here we are.
What's the rationale for Hong Kong
specifically aside from closing that
loop in terms of access throughout the
different time zones? But but Hong Kong
of course this is the market where a lot
of these names are already listed. You
can get direct direct access and there's
other similar products in the market as
well.
>> Well, we think K web has been recognized
as one of the most efficient and
effective ways to gain access to China
growth. um as indicated by its status in
the US as the largest uh uh China
focused ETF in the US um and also by the
flows that it's attracted this year.
We've we've seen about uh $3 billion of
net new flows across uh our uh US and
Londonbased versions. And you know, we
think by giving this new access in Hong
Kong, it potentially opens it up, not
just today, but sometime down the road
for ETF Connect. And that gives uh
southbound money the ability to
potentially purchase KB uh from Hong
Kong um you know over some period of
time. It's not there yet, but it can get
there over time.
>> Jonathan, talk to us about the
partnership with with ICBC. How do they
come in here?
>> Absolutely. So, we we've done other
things and ICBC has been a subadvisor on
um some of the funds that we manage in
Europe and um and so now we thought we
would expand on that and have uh a fund
together in Hong Kong. So, we're really
excited about uh what we're doing. uh we
we're continuing to do more with them
and uh we think it's truly exciting
because we can work together here
leveraging the great work and 12 year
history we have in managing K web um but
at the same time leveraging their uh
brand knowledge and expertise in the
region.
>> Do you have a target on on inflows and
and what you're expecting there?
>> Well, it's interesting, right? We've
seen um a lot of demand this year for K
web particularly out of EMIA and Latin
America. So a large part of that 3
billion I talked about uh came from that
region. Now mind you we started with a
fairly significant base. Um you know K
web now collectively is over 10 billion
but um it was still very sizable at the
beginning of the year but we have high
ambitions. Um, I I'm I'm going to resist
in giving you a specific number, but I'd
be really disappointed if we didn't make
significant inroads based on this launch
and the timing and also our excitement
and enthusiasm for the performance
potential of the names inside of the K
web basket. There are about 30 companies
and even though it's called China
Internet and E-commerce, it's a little
bit of a misnomer because so many of
those China Internet names are really AI
companies if you think about it.
Jonathan, I understand you can't give a
specific number or specific target. What
about a range then? Uh could you share
that or whether you think it's going to
be comparable then to the inflows you've
already seen in AMIA for instance?
>> I I think they'll be smaller just
because this is a new strategy. But um
you know we're very enthusiastic. We
think that um uh we think that it can be
sizable and reach scale very quickly and
uh we have high expectations say 12
months out um in large part because we
think some of the challenging years that
we've seen in performance keep in mind
that KB's prior high was back in 2021 um
we're starting to see um a good move in
terms of geopolitical risk but also the
earnings and the valuations of these
companies If you think about K web from
a valuation standpoint, we have pees of
18 times whereas US technologies trading
at 33 times. So global investors are
starting to realize that there's a lot
of value to be had here. And if you
consider that some of our top names,
names like Alibaba and Tencent, had
revenue growth of 15% in the third
quarter, this is really a a unique
period of time to invest in this
segment. Not just, you know, we would
never suggest somebody putting all their
money in a strategy like KWEG, but as a
diversifier to what many uh hold today,
which is a large overweight to US
technology.
>> Yeah. Well, if only a caller call
strategy was available. Oh, you guys
have that. Um,
>> there's the flag, Jonathan. Well,
>> thank you. Ju just to also ask you the
since you brought up the appetite and
demand for exposure to Chinese Chinese
tech specifically and
>> yes
>> and I wonder so we don't know the
valuation the valuation discrepancy
right let's call it they're trading at
half what you have in the US
>> I wonder how that message is resonating
with US-based investors compared to how
it resonates here in the Asia Pacific
are you seeing the same amount of
appetite in Gustau uh for for exposure
to Chinese equity there.
>> It It's It's definitely moving west. Um
we still know that a significant portion
of institutional investors, US-based
institutional investors are underweight
China. Um and they're slowly bridging
that gap because being underweight China
over the last few years was a way of
generating alpha. In a year like this
year, it's a way of underperforming. So
investors are being forced to revisit
their China underweights and ads slowly.
And K webb is a beneficiary of that
because it's one of the better
performing China strategies. It's also
very large, has significant volumes and
and tradability. Uh so we're seeing that
that gap narrow, but the US investor is
not yet at a point where they are either
neutrally weighted to China or um
overweight. That's actually the
opportunity. Investors are watching the
performance. They're watching the impact
um and the opportunity cost of not being
fully invested and they're starting to
make those types of moves. So we expect
the trends that we saw starting in Asia
moving to Europe and Latin America, we
expect those to appear in the US here in
2026.
>> So can we talk about the pricing as well
because how are you looking to price
this? We know that Hong Kong ETFs can be
more expensive than those that are
listed in the US in particular, but how
does your pricing compare to what you
see from other ETFs in this market, for
instance, from CEO or Eyesshares?
>> Mhm. Well, what we've done here is
created a consistent experience. We've
priced K web in Hong Kong consistently
with how it's priced in the US. So, our
management fee is 68 basis points. We
think this is very competitive um and
compelling given the value we've
produced.
>> Uh Jonathan, final question for you.
Apart from this, what's give us a
preview. What's cooking in your kitchen
for next year? What's what's big for you
guys?
>> Well, look, we continue to focus on
innovation. Obviously, K web is part of
our uh franchise strategy, but we're
we're doing a lot in the AI space. So
KB's an example of having exposure to uh
AI within a China focused portfolio, but
we're also um we've launched strategies
in the AI space that combine public and
private investments for example in an
ETF. Um and we've also launched um the
first US ETF focused on uh humanoid and
embodied AI and we've launched that in
London as well. That's called KID. So we
think that you know whether you're
gaining uh various AI exposures through
K web or through uh ETFs that combine
public and private investments or even
you know going a step further to
embodied AI. We think that these are
really important trends uh to capitalize
on and not just short-term trends but
really mega trends that'll play out over
a period of 10 to 20 years.
Jonathan, thank you so much for taking
the time. Uh, and we hope to see you if
you're in town next time here in the
region. Jonathan Shelon there, uh, CEO
at Crane Shares. Now, just speaking of
AI, it's a top market theme of course
today. We've been talked at length
already about the, uh, the concerns
around high capex, where they're going
to get that money, where they're going
to realize that return. And certainly
that brings us into again the the Oracle
angle to what's going on.
>> Yeah. Yeah, well we had the numbers
after the bell and we saw such a big
drop in the share price more than 11%
down and I think it yeah going to that
question or concern around capex it's
quite extraordinary when you go through
the numbers of of what Oracle posted
because in the latest reporting period
for instance you saw capex actually
increasing to 12 billion and in the 3
months prior it was at 8.5 so 8.5 to 12
in just the space of a few months and
then in addition to that, analysts have
been expecting it to trend down to 8.25.
So, you can see that that is going to
have a bearing, especially when that ROI
isn't really translating. And you're
making that point that a lot of this
infrastructure is a long-term play. And
so, you don't necessarily expect to see
it in the short term, but at the same
time, what we see for instance in cloud
revenue and also in their infrastructure
business revenue undersshot expectations
slightly. So, that's very much the
dominant theme I think. And as to your
point earlier were saying that tech
stocks or stocks generally in Asia would
be doing a lot better today if it wasn't
this Oracle story and you see that
specifically in Japan with SoftBank for
instance and and SoftBank's fortunes
you know really tied to to what we see
with Oracle and and and also OpenAI in
the US and and project Stargate for
instance.
>> Yeah. Well, we saw them in the in the
Oval Office,
>> right?
>> They're financing the project. So and
they they also sold off their Nvidia
holdings for it.
So it's it's you know they're very
closely linked to it but really concerns
around Oracle's ambitious long-term
growth guidance as well that came
through in the in the numbers and also
just largely anchored to that contract
with open AI once again and of course
the story around open AI is that we're
concerned that how competitive is their
model against Gemini for instance others
and and and
>> what's the switching cost conversation
>> I was saying you know it's very low and
that's I think that's a big problem is
that the the barriers to entry aren't
really high enough for this and it's
becoming increasingly commoditized and
that presents a big hurdle because I was
speaking with someone just the other day
who runs a business and he said I
thought Gemini was doing better. I just
downloaded all the data from OpenAI or
Chat GPT and I switched across and it
was as easy as that essentially.
>> If all you need is a Wi-Fi connection,
there's probably an issue. Of course,
it's more than that. I'm teasing. All
right. Um we'll have plenty more ahead.
look at markets at this point in time
and to Bell's point right with the
exception of the Oracle story we would
have been doing better and I think this
board underscores uh those two salient
points this is the [music] China show
>> right we're seeing oil prices slightly
firmer and that's also after a Bloomberg
scoop we had some exclusive reporting
around this the
>> we were the first actually to report the
interception and seizure of a sanctioned
tanker off the coast of Venezuela. So, a
serious escalation of tensions between
between the US and Venezuela. But let's
bring in our senior editor Balash
Penzen. So, Balage, yeah, give us more
context here and exactly the the impact
of this or or the the meaning behind it.
>> Yeah, this has been since confirmed by
the administration that they seized a
very large vessel which carried about 2
million barrels of heavy oil, heavy
crude uh from Venezuela. And this does
indeed suggest a serious es escalatory
step uh in the US's pressure on
Venezuela on the Maduro regime. And it
remains to be seen uh how uh Venezuela
might respond to this. But one thing
that this does is this is going to make
it so much harder for Venezuela to
export its crude even further. Venezuela
has of course been under sanctions for a
while but they have been able to use
this kind of marginal operators this
sort of gray fleet dark fleet uh
elements to export their crude. Uh but
if the US will be will be watching so
closely and seizing vessels every single
operator will think twice about carrying
Venezuelan crude.
>> Yeah I was going to actually ask you
because I'm looking at the OPEC function
on the terminal. So Venezuela up, you
know, as a piece of OPEC, 3.3% based on
the data that we can extrapolate,
would this mean less oil, can we make
that distinction?
>> Well, that's uh really hard to say, but
if uh if Venezuela is unable to export
it oil,
>> uh that stands to reason that there
would be less supply on the market.
>> Uh now, what other forces might be in
play and and how a global demand might
be affected uh by that? That's kind of
hard to extrapolate at this point, but
certainly uh there should be more more
of a squeeze on the on the general
supply.
>> Yeah, more than more than otherwise.
Fantastic. Thank you so much, Bal Panch
there, of course, our senior editor on
our Bloomberg Cube today, which is
leading uh to to higher oil prices going
into the thick of Thursday across global
markets. Plenty more ahead here on the
China show. This is Bloomberg.
Right. Uh, welcome back. Let's talk to
you about this Bloomberg [music] scoop
we just learned about a few minutes
back. So, remember this ports deal few
months back? [music] I'm guessing some
of you forgot about it. Uh, well, talks
have been ongoing. Uh, and we have a
Bloomberg scoop ride that tells us maybe
these talks are still ongoing, but for
reasons not expected. very complicated
transaction. Joining us here on set,
Manuel Bgori of course uh who's here to
talk about the details of what we
understand and the snags.
>> Exactly. David, it's a very complex deal
uh touching on um you know very very
core important assets, strategic assets
for uh obviously the companies but also
uh the different countries around the
world like 43 ports uh in different uh
markets um globally. So there is a web
of complex issues, the geopolitics, the
deal structure, uh the potential role
that China may play in this as well. Uh
remember that when the whole thing
unfolded back in March, uh it caught a
lot of people offguard and you know
their reactions uh weren't
you know you know that great uh this
part of the world. Um, so they've been
trying to kind of as the concerns and
trying to make it work for everybody,
but it's very complex. The, as you said,
the the talks have been driving for a
long time. Uh, and there is a lot of
uncertainty as to when and if this may
actually come to fruition. Just to be
clear, the talks are ongoing and our
reporting clearly shows that they're
still trying to get it done.
uh it's just that there's a lot of
complexity and a lot of issues that they
need to resolve.
>> And so as you say in the piece, CK
Hutchinson says it won't actually
proceed without getting the the the
green light from relevant relevant
authorities. But what we what do we know
about maybe the consortion then or the
likely bidders and are those people
sticking around or is that also
shifting?
>> Yes, Annabelle, that's a very good
point. Uh um you know yes the biders um
which include um GIP um the
infrastructure arm of Black Rockck as
well as uh TIL um which is um you know
the ports business of MSE uh which
belongs to the Aponte family um Swiss
Italian billionaire family um and then
potentially also Costco which is you
know um back to what China may may do
with this deal. Uh so those three
components are part of the bidding group
and they're still committed. So to your
question, they are very committed. They
still want to get the deal done and so
is Hatch which is the seller. Yeah.
>> Um but again
>> they need to kind of negotiate get
comfortable with the deal structure.
They need to also ensure that the
governments all around the world where
they have the ports are also okay with
the deal. And you know it's not easy.
Exactly. It's it's a it's a big deal
touching on multiple jurisdictions. Very
important strategic assets.
>> So it's a lot of boxes that need to be
ticked. Uh and that takes time.
>> Uh it's just that
>> it's been since March, right? Um there
was a soft deadline back in July. You
know, they couldn't meet that. you know,
they extended that and it remains to be
seen when, you know, this may happen or
it could fall apart. It's still a big
question mark.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, what we know is it's complicated.
Uh, Manuel, thank you so much.
Fantastic. Manuel Bori there on what's
going on or what isn't really given the
complications here. Uh, very quickly,
we're going to go through very quickly
Chinese movie stocks. Avatar 3 December
19. I haven't seen the first one. U,
PopMart is up. LVMH is involved in a
sense that the appointment of a former
uh member of LVMH there. Shares are up
ever so slightly. And we'll leave you
with a look at the other top story
today, which is the Oracle [music] story
and how that's showing up across these
markets today. NASDAQ futures are
feeling the pinch. And I can tell you in
the last couple of minutes or [music]
so, we've seen a downdraft start to
really come through across the Asian
equity complex on the back of the story
down about 1%. That's it from us here on
the China show. [music] We will see you
all tomorrow. Insight with amen is just
ahead.
>> [music]